row-index
	

A unique LC assigned ID for the loan listing.
	

A unique LC assigned Id for the borrower member.
	

The listed amount of the loan applied for by the borrower. If at some point in time, the credit department reduces the loan amount, then it will be reflected in this value.
	

The total amount committed to that loan at that point in time.
	

The total amount committed by investors for that loan at that point in time.
	

The number of payments on the loan. Values are in months and can be either 36 or 60.
	

Interest Rate on the loan
	

The monthly payment owed by the borrower if the loan originates.
	

LC assigned loan grade
	

LC assigned loan subgrade
	

The job title supplied by the Borrower when applying for the loan.*
	

Employment length in years. Possible values are between 0 and 10 where 0 means less than one year and 10 means ten or more years.
	

The home ownership status provided by the borrower during registration. Our values are: RENT, OWN, MORTGAGE, OTHER.
	

The self-reported annual income provided by the borrower during registration.
	

The month which the loan was funded
	

Current status of the loan
	

Indicates if a payment plan has been put in place for the loan
	

URL for the LC page with listing data.
	

Loan description provided by the borrower
	

A category provided by the borrower for the loan request.
	

The loan title provided by the borrower
	

The first 3 numbers of the zip code provided by the borrower in the loan application.
	

The state provided by the borrower in the loan application
	

A ratio calculated using the borrower’s total monthly debt payments on the total debt obligations, excluding mortgage and the requested LC loan, divided by the borrower’s self-reported monthly income.
	

The number of 30+ days past-due incidences of delinquency in the borrower's credit file for the past 2 years
	

The month the borrower's earliest reported credit line was opened
	

The number of inquiries in past 6 months (excluding auto and mortgage inquiries)
	

The number of months since the last public record.
	

The number of open credit lines in the borrower's credit file.
	

Number of derogatory public records
	

Total credit revolving balance
	

Revolving line utilization rate, or the amount of credit the borrower is using relative to all available revolving credit.
	

The total number of credit lines currently in the borrower's credit file
	

The initial listing status of the loan. Possible values are – W, F
	

Remaining outstanding principal for total amount funded
	

Remaining outstanding principal for portion of total amount funded by investors
	

Payments received to date for total amount funded
	

Payments received to date for portion of total amount funded by investors
	

Principal received to date
	

Interest received to date
	

Late fees received to date
	

post charge off gross recovery
	

post charge off collection fee
	

Last month payment was received
	

Last total payment amount received
	

Next scheduled payment date
	

The most recent month LC pulled credit for this loan
	

Number of collections in 12 months excluding medical collections
	

publicly available policy_code=1 new products not publicly available policy_code=2
	

Indicates whether the loan is an individual application or a joint application with two co-borrowers
	

The combined self-reported annual income provided by the co-borrowers during registration
	

A ratio calculated using the co-borrowers' total monthly payments on the total debt obligations, excluding mortgages and the requested LC loan, divided by the co-borrowers' combined self-reported monthly income
	

The number of accounts on which the borrower is now delinquent.
	

Total collection amounts ever owed
	

Total current balance of all accounts
	

Number of open trades in last 6 months
	

Number of currently active installment trades
	

Number of installment accounts opened in past 12 months
	

Number of installment accounts opened in past 24 months
	

Months since most recent installment accounts opened
	

Total current balance of all installment accounts
	

Ratio of total current balance to high credit/credit limit on all install acct
	

Number of revolving trades opened in past 12 months
	

Number of revolving trades opened in past 24 months
	

Maximum current balance owed on all revolving accounts
	

Balance to credit limit on all trades
	

Total revolving high credit/credit limit
	

Number of personal finance inquiries
	

Number of finance trades
	
Number of credit inquiries in past 12 months